- For sacha!
- Thanks, Jules.
Jules owns the jazz club
where I sometimes play.
I play for free
but an open bar beats any salary.
Laurent, my best friend since... 3rd grade.
We're writing a show. Our show!
Lionel, my other best friend.
Met kris in med school.
Took them 15 years to have a kid.
Not my godson, thank god.
I have to tell you. I hate kids!
For some it's spiders or snakes.
For me it's kids.
She's car... Cal... cor...
Let's say Valerie.
Model, 24, bubble butt, bubblehead.
Perfect formula for a
perfect one-night stand.
Total bliss.
I like my life as it is.
No alarm clock, no wedding ring, no taxes.
I was free, with my piano and my pals.
My life was a metronome.
Till that Tuesday in may,
a Tuesday like any other.
"Happiness never comes alone"
morning, precious.
I brought schnitzel and strawberries.
We finished at 6 A.M.
And your real job?
Real job in the real world?
The one you live off, not drink off.
Don't touch, mom!
Why do you touch?
Because I'm your mother.
Yeah, xav?
Give teacher your notes.
I was just about to.
I like to hear the jingle
before the client.
You forget work, grandma's check up...
I told you 8 A.M. is too early.
You didn't start?
It's in an hour. Chick poacher is coming!
20 minutes, okay?
Chick poacher is coming to the meeting.
Hello, ma'am.
Goodbye, miss... good luck.
- Rewind.
- Don't be a pain.
I'll do that tomorrow.
He needs music. I'm in a rush.
A real life, a real woman.
Tomorrow...
- Kids.
- Tomorrow, mom.
Tomorrow, tomorrow...
A bird.
Just like your father.
- Tomorrow never comes.
- He was right.
Mom, I love you.
Orange and lemon
with chocolate filling...
Thanks, lzsak!
They're all here. Chick poacher on his way.
Cadbury called. No budget.
Enough to wax your legs.
And get a foot in the door.
2 jingles a month. No need to overdo it.
They like your music. Hard to refuse.
- When is it for?
- It's him!
Hey, xav.
Frank, our new marketing director.
Xavier ferhat,
project director at the ad agency.
I have 5 minutes.
Mr. posche, our team at europub.
Lea, assistant, Laurent
sabi, the director...
- 3 minutes.
- Run it.
Orange and lemon, with chocolate filling
- Too red.
- We'll take it down.
The palette we got...
Minus 5, okay.
The music starts and ends well
but bogs in the middle.
- Play it back.
- No need.
The music lasts 5 seconds.
Give us more notes.
More notes?
Those little dots, black and white.
More notes. Why not?
I'll take note then send you the note.
No problem. The changes for tomorrow.
Come with me.
Thanks, Alain. Xavier, the short version.
Laurent, come to the agency.
Music tomorrow!
Izsak... thanks!
Motherfucking goddamn asshole.
Look at this idiot.
His jalopy almost killed me.
Idiotic car. Imbecile!
Want a ride? I'm parked here.
No thanks, I'll be fine.
My car's a swimming pool.
You got nothing to lose.
Sach!
Your keys!
Unbelievable.
Sacha.
Charlotte.
Sacharlotte.
You have to disinfect your knee.
You have to...
Disinfect here.
I need some tea.
Sacha Keller, like the pianist?
He was my father.
I have his first name,
his car, and his piano.
Do you play well?
What could you have heard of mine?
At airports,
when they announce something,
there's music first.
You?
Is that you?
But train stations are me.
Does this ring a bell?
Not bad.
It's short but it mustn't be easy...
Composing something that's catchy.
Were you there just to fall on your face?
Always fall in the same spot?
I work there.
At line?
At the foundation.
With the money from diapers and yogurt,
we organize contemporary art shows.
We give out grants.
We try to foster young talent.
You work for chick poacher's wife.
The day il... heard his
nickname, I left him.
Two years ago.
We had an open relationship.
I was relationship. He was open.
You're the wife of...
Chi... of Alain posche?
This is pointless.
There's a point to it all.
Just one.
A kiss is just a kiss.
"Casablanca". It's my movie.
My movie.
Here?
That's Alain's place. I live there.
Lively neighborhood.
Atmosphere.
Where do you live?
Near montmartre.
Less deserted than here.
True.
Okay... goodbye.
In a sec, a bald guy
will sue you for touching his dumb car.
Mrs. posche's Porsche.
Take me away.
Is your show a musical?
The show you're writing is a musical?
No it's a... show show.
I play piano.
My friend Laurent
conceived visuals for the music.
There's magic, shadow play, dance...
Several levels of...
What time is it?
What?
7:30.
Shit!
What is it?
I'm late.
I'm extremely late.
Extremely late.
- Careful behind you.
- We'll talk...
Are you okay?
Check your body. Your bones.
- I'm fine.
- I'll drive you.
I'm late.
0625752002.
Or 0143...
6655... sixty... sexty...
Vincenzo!
The pasta, pure Mozart.
For you, Lionel.
- Pure Mozart.
- Verdi's purer.
Verdi, violetta, Alfredo!
Sacha, here.
I did it!
- 1 did it!
- Getting married?
We got the adami!
We got the adami.
What's the adami?
No idea but he seems happy.
You stole demos from my computer
to get a Grant?
- Damn youl!
- For real.
The show's less than an hour!
The mogador wants to meet us!
For real!
The mogador theater! Mamma Mia, lion king!
We have one month, tops!
- The mogador.
- Yes! For real!
- One month.
- Yes!
We'll never be ready.
For real, this is our big break.
We'll work nonstop.
Even if... no.
We'll do it. Come on, it's our show!
Yeah, our show.
- It's our show.
- Atta boy!
- Our show!
- You bet!
We rock!
I'm happy as hell! Aren't you?
You're right. I am happy.
You must like flying rocks.
Totally.
I'm not in the top 1% so I'm going.
You get to leave the suburbs,
see your sister, meet people.
All you do is work, cecile.
- That's life.
- So live!
Meet someone...
You too.
Stop!
- Who?
- It's nothing.
He's your age?
I didn't say anything!
He's poor. And left-wing!
I'm not gonna give up.
I'll check the flowers and bye-bye.
Your bouquets are perfect. Just tell me...
- Come to lunch on Sunday.
- I'm working.
You work 24/7.
Price of freedom.
I'm free!
For someone separated for 2 years,
you act like a wife!
- Thalia, my agent.
- Great show.
A reference to nagi noda.
The guy who vomited this needs a shrink.
Here he is.
Very talented, my man.
You find such awful places!
Monsieur le ministre, my wife.
Good evening, sir.
Finally real art.
Come this way.
Stunning... a marvelous place.
He sleeps only here.
Good idea, multi-colored smoke bubbles.
Show me.
"How's the show show?" Charlotte.
What's Charlotte?
It's code for "I'm naked naked."
- You're such pains.
- Who's Charlotte?
How old is she?
- She's...
- For real!
Twenty-three... four... thirty...
Thirty-five.
35 years old.
For real, is she gray?
For you 35 is like screwing jello.
Not nice.
Wait till you see her.
I can't explain it. She has eyes...
Teeth...
She has teeth? At 35? How did she do it?
She's beautiful...
"Show show, heating up, up."
"Heating up... in my boxers!"
- Stop!
- For real, introduce me.
- For real!
- Stop saying "for real".
For real, I don't say for real.
Full of love.
You sickos find it funny?
"My bed is ice cold."
For real, no work tonight?
Jim... can you fill in for me?
I'll take Thursday.
I didn't think you'd come.
You forgot one.
Hold on...
Don't move.
You... forgot... just...
One.
My favorite movie.
Again.
Mommy...
Come here, honey.
Go to sleep.
It's Leonard.
Come with me.
Where?
Come.
This is Suzy's room.
Turn out the lights.
That's Louis.
Relax, they're just kids.
Kids.
There are more?
It's the bathroom.
You okay?
You don't seem it.
It's just that...
It's nothing.
I'm not used to little friends.
Chill out. They're not contagious.
- Bye.
- I didn't say that.
You didn't say anything. Goodnight.
Talk soon.
I am so dumb.
Little bit of lemon, some vanilla too
and the fizz is, the fizz is
enough to make you dizzy
It's wonderful.
I want two for December.
Thank you, Charlotte!
You're a lifesaver.
A show that's only on today.
That's impossible.
He insisted.
Mak lov tu-mi
"make love to me".
You almost met another guy.
I thought that was it.
I remembered the aristocats
was my favorite cartoon.
Why the aristocats?
Your kids. The three kittens.
Duchess, O'Malley...
They don't know, so no need to fret.
It's a button fly.
Charlotte, what's the...
Are you married or separated?
I just told him I was having a drink
with my sister.
He's still my boss.
Mommy! It's Leonard!
Change your ringtone. That's scary.
- I have to answer.
- Damn kids.
Yes, honey?
Nana took his temperature?
I'm coming.
Want a ride?
Come when they're asleep.
No.
Sorry, I'm running late.
I didn't see the time.
Leonard has a sore throat.
He wouldn't sleep.
Can you put him in his bed?
To bed...
Sleep the slumber...
Of the night
close each eye
till you die
you're a midget version of...
Philip Seymour Hoffman
I went away...
He almost woke up.
Got a toolbox?
All in a day's work.
You okay?
Forget it. I'll get a plumber.
This is too humiliating. I'll do it.
You okay?
At least the leak stopped.
There's water everywhere!
It's daytime!
I'm wet. Can I borrow a shirt?
Wear your own clothes.
The white one!
White one? You can have it. Show me.
- It's a gift?
- It's leaking!
It's a gift?
I'm late for school.
Don't go in my room!
Stay out of my room!
No more captain crunch!
No more captain crunch. It's not funny.
Helen will get more.
Now you get toast and Nutella.
Who are you?
Why are you here?
You're naked?
Yes.
Trust me, you're naked.
Steer clear of my family.
I can't hear.
Steer clear of my family!
Bye, mom!
Hi, dad.
You look pretty. We have time.
Madame, there is naked man...
The revolution ended the old...
Socks!
Boxers!
- Testament?
- No, the old regime.
56,7...
And go to lost and found for your hood.
Next time, an alarm.
This morning was hairy.
Any more fathers?
Two fathers. Two separations.
- Time for coffee?
- No, my piano's waiting and...
It's always a bad time.
I can't wait until Friday. It's impossible.
3 kids shower in there.
I could play upside down in the show.
Yeah, right.
I hate plumbers!
Your skin is softer than mine.
That's very rare.
I'm a 3-time European softskin champ.
I'm blown away.
There's a level of softness...
I won't put that in the show.
It's Tuesday!
Take a cart. Got money?
- My credit card...
- You need coins.
You get water, eggs, milk, and paté.
Meet you at yogurt.
Eggs, milk, yogurt... and pate.
Not finished?
I took organic eggs...
Put that back, please.
Hold on, don't move...
The milk...
The milk I took is organic too.
Four.
Six.
Think you'll have enough milk?
No.
One, two...
Three, four.
- Get the paté?
- Yeah I got paté.
I got paté.
Paté!
Follow me.
Anything missing?
4 nice steaks?
Hello, Marcel - your paté.
- I set it aside.
- You can take this back.
I get it.
See you next week, Mrs. posche.
Next week?
Put that cart with the others.
- Danone.
- Vanilla.
You must buy this.
- What is it?
- Tergoule de janville.
God knows. Someone created
tergoule de janville.
Just buy it.
You can't buy it for the name.
Yes, you can.
Women get no pleasure in shopping.
Pleasure in shopping?
Spoken like a man!
Mom?
Hello, precious.
It's 2. Get up. Let's change your sheets.
I'm not alone.
Really?
Do I know her? Hello, miss.
You're in the way.
Grandma sent blintzes.
Eat fruit.
Leave it all. I'll manage. Love you.
Hello, ma'am.
Hello, miss.
Charlotte...
Mom, my mother...
You know, madam... miss...
My son is talented. His
father saw so at once.
That's not garbage, mom.
- Stop.
- I'l come back.
I know you will but vacate the premises.
I'm going.
Love you too, precious.
Love you too, mom.
Your mother does your shopping and laundry?
At your age?
She's my mother. She loves me.
She enjoys it. So what?
Righteous, good job.
A sax piece for three dancers.
- You here with me?
- I'm here.
- You're not.
- 1 am.
Righteous, you're absent.
I don't know, I...
I don't believe this.
What?
Please, not now.
Who is she? Where did you dig her up?
The old one!
Tell me. Righteous, I'm getting horny.
What's she like?
She's...
Hot.
Righteous.
Righteous, dude!
Stop saying "righteous".
Me? "Righteous"? I do not say "righteous".
- You do.
- Okay. Drop it.
Not her. This one's 157?
Is she shaved?
She is so shaved!
Okay... is she fat?
Semi. Above, not below.
Fat on one side, not the other.
Is she bearded?
Smelly crack?
Alain posche's ex-wife.
Chick poacher? Posche the poacher?
Listen to me.
- Listen, pal.
- You...
Slept...
With...
The wife...
Of god.
It's...
- Good idea.
- Listen, lolo...
I mean, the eye-opener of the century.
Something totally wild.
You can never see her again.
Never again.
- It's over and done with.
- I know.
It's not meant to last. And we have work.
Lolo, come on! The show!
We'll Ace the mogador.
You burnt my hard drive.
I can't work now.
Let's go to Jules'.
- Dressed like that?
- Yeah.
Sos repair, ma'am. Need a man?
How long do we have?
Two and a half hours.
I'll be 45 minutes, tops.
- You bought out the store.
- The rest is behind me.
You bought another sink?
You're obviously not handy.
Not attach the bottom part?
It'll leak all over!
Okay, you have customers,
but I bought out the store.
I can't believe that asshole hung up.
I'll shove his 70-mm tube up his butt!
Sacha.
Meet Suzy and Louis.
This is sacha.
A friend who came to fix the sink.
Hello, sir.
How many chimneys did you sweep today?
It's a reference to Mary poppins.
Chimneysweeps in stockings.
- We had pantomime.
- Teacher was sick.
So Nana brought you home, right?
You do mime?
Stay for lunch now.
Yeah, sure.
Sacha, lunchtime.
Louis, come on.
The plumber's joining us?
He's a friend, not a plumber.
- Why does he do plumbing?
- Because anyone can, sort of.
Why not call a real plumber?
Not a plumber! Not a plumber!
Louis... lunch.
So where did you two meet?
Excuse me... I'm sorry.
How did you do that?
That happens whenever I fix stuff.
It enters here and travels up.
And comes out.
Look.
You okay?
I threw up.
I'll take care of it.
You sure?
He's fun.
Trim 5 images from the music.
From everything.
And raise the voices.
You guys are the best.
3 kids! Righteous,
you dating a babe with 3 kids?
Righteous, I could die laughing!
It's like they're part of her.
It's like... a given.
It's given me a headache.
Because there's her... and them...
But it's like they're her and she's them...
In fact it's...
Like in "aliens"... gross!
Stop it, I know...
We've tried breaking up
and we're better than ever. What can I say?
I'll explain how to ditch her.
Two movements.
Call her to say you need a break. For work.
Until after the mogador.
By then we'll have dumped her.
I understand, but I can't.
We're bowling on Saturday.
Who cares?
I promised the kids. Now I have to go.
Dammit, sacha!
We have a week to finish.
We have work. Righteous, you're no help!
Enough with "righteous". It's a pain.
I say what I want.
Righteous, this is our dream.
We need to work nonstop.
Righteous, you have one dream too many!
I'll cancel bowling.
The holes are too big. My fingers hurt!
It's nothing. It'll come.
You have to find the... get it?
Like this. See?
Before the next ball... diet coke.
I don't like soda.
Iced tea.
Peach iced tea.
Peach, okay.
I could use these kids as pins!
This is bullshit.
Why are you here?
She wanted to see her.
Grandma?
Seriously, this is bullshit. You're pains.
Iced tea?
I'll get your ball. Come on.
- Who's that?
- Grandma, for you.
Your grandma?
Hello, ma'am. Charlotte. My pleasure.
The pleasure's all mine.
I'm matz.
Lionel.
Laurent.
The doctor.
Director of the show.
Zorro! Zorro!
You crazy?
My son. Cute?
Cute as a button.
That hurt.
You okay?
Are you Jewish?
Excuse me.
She's not Jewish?
A little.
You'll blow up the bowling alley.
- Where are you?
- Get my message?
What about the auction
I organized for your protégés?
Remember? So come give
the sales pitch to our investors.
Unless you're too busy.
And the kids?
What do I do with them?
Figure something out.
Give 50 Euros to what's-her-name. Suzy.
She can watch the boys.
We eat in 10 minutes. Where are you?
I forgot I have a dinner.
What do I do with the kids?
Sacha can babysit.
Seriously, he has nothing planned.
Really? You can?
Thanks so much. I'll tell the kids.
I'll take care of everything.
Pipsily...
Tonight, when the kids are asleep,
check if they're circumcised.
No, grandma. Not a good idea.
What now?
No smoking here.
You smoke?
I don't smoke.
Where is it?
Tell us!
Not a plumber! Not a plumber!
Like this...
- There's no water.
- Sure there is.
Lousy plumber.
I did a great job. Don't lean.
Don't push too hard.
Spit it out.
Get down. That's dangerous.
We're done brushing.
Teeth fall out anyway. So forget teeth.
Did you do that?
My dad says we'll all live together soon.
That's good, loulou.
Goodnight.
- Close the door.
- You sure?
Night, kiddo.
See?
You never get tired?
When I grow up, you'll be dead.
It's not so sure.
Maybe.
Or when you grow up a lot lot lot lot.
I don't like you.
Me neither.
He's rarely in Paris.
He has his gym in cannes, his girlfriend.
So we don't see much of each other.
Once he was in Paris and
he didn't come see me.
Alain is nice.
Oh yeah?
But he only calls for the boys.
He never asks how I am.
You see...
Men are strange.
We're not strange.
A little.
A little strange.
What's your dad like?
Great.
But not anymore. He died when I was 10.
It was a long time ago.
Get some sleep now.
I need to sleep too.
Night, Sushi.
Sleep well.
How was it?
Long.
And you? Did you survive?
Kids are so loveable when they sleep.
And when the kittens are away...
Good evening, sir.
Alain. Sacha. A friend.
Haven't we met?
I was babysitting.
That's not your job.
Your scarf.
Enjoy your evening.
Well, that's done.
He has the keys?
No guys here. That's our deal.
What deal?
Tell me.
Stop bothering me.
- Tell me.
- Stop.
I thought about you all night.
There's too much light.
Not "lolé". He said lolé.
That's ridiculous, lolé!
He said lolé!
The three sides of the
triangle are identical.
That's for equilaterals.
It's the hypothalmus.
Hypotenuse, okay. That's right.
Who cares as long as
the sum of the angles equals 100?
Math classes?
You barely graduated. I'm waiting.
Start working. I'll be there soon.
100 degrees is easy to remember.
Water boils at 100 degrees.
It's not 100. It's 180.
I studied this yesterday.
I remember like it was yesterday.
- Yeah, right.
- What? Hey, xav.
The "safe sex" ad is cancelled.
They're changing music and composers.
And they put the yogurt ad on standby.
Keep me posted when things pick up.
I can do this alone.
I am a mathematical madman.
Wild about arithmetic.
Loco for geometry.
It has to thaw out, then it'll flow.
It's beautiful.
I came to finish what
we started last night.
If you're busy,
I can go to the supermarket first.
I finished all my work.
There is a god.
Where is it? You know, we're in a rush.
Know why?
We didn't work enough. Now you know why.
Where's the last scene?
I forgot to print it out.
You know... we're screwed.
We'll never finish, you know.
You'll never be done, you know.
No more saying "you know"!
- Lolo!
- What?
Sleep. You're presenting it tomorrow.
- We'll finish.
- I'll sleep.
I'll take your computer.
I'll be ready. I know it.
I need to stop sleeping. No, talking.
And go to talk. No, to sleep.
I need to stop talking, stop talking...
I just walked in front of a mirror.
For the first time I wanted to look twice.
- Must be the new suit, right?
- A suit!
Where are you?
On my way home. I have
an appointment nearby.
- I'll come by.
- No, you'll be late.
I have a present for Leo.
- Cool.
- See you.
Press here for Zorro.
Mr. plumber, lunch?
I have to run. Hold on!
Look. If I last 10 seconds...
It'll be a big hit.
I threw up.
I'm sick.
Why did you do that?
Why did you do it?
Is it okay?
Finally! Off we go!
My keys.
Where did you put my car keys?
I don't like you!
You...
Listen to me.
My goddamn car keys! It's important!
Sorry, I'm in a rush.
- The Porsche?
- At the office.
Leo, it's important.
Where are the keys you took
instead of these? It's serious.
Where are my keys?
He has food aversions. He's little.
Little, yeah.
I'm little too.
He took the scooter!
This is the end of scene 4.
There will be colored bubbles...
Then we move into his
turkish march... okay?
Here I'll have a backdrop
with dancers behind it who intermingle.
They blend together.
Once again, I have an animatic...
I can show you once the computer gets here.
Here he is.
I'm sorry.
No taxis...
Scooter, then a bus...
And the subway strike...
It's been in the news all week.
Let's start over.
With... without the animatic.
And the partitions?
In my head.
Scene 7.
He'll start with his turkish march.
It's hot.
Does anyone have a kleenex?
It's slippery.
My car keys.
What is it?
I had them.
- In my pocket.
- Enough.
I've done all I can, sacha Keller.
Since your dad died, you're scared.
Shitting bricks for 25 years!
Can't work, can't commit.
You're scared you don't
measure up, but I...
I can't fight alone.
- Only one sacha Keller.
- Stop with your dad.
Jules' tonight.
You better come, because tonight...
I need to fuck.
"Righteous" didn't tell you.
He gave your name to two ad agencies.
You're blacklisted.
What'll you do?
I have no idea.
Come play or we'll lose them, honest.
I'm talking to you.
What is it?
What two agencies won't work with me?
Bdb... and publican.
Honest, every agency in Paris
works with posche.
Listen up.
That girl...
She's history.
Alcohol... capital I!
Sex! With a capital x!
- It's my fault.
- Why are you here?
If Leo hadn't puked, you'd have been fine.
And the kids?
They're asleep.
I had to see you.
It's unesco in here!
Big deep shit.
It's nothing.
Nothing at all.
Your ex blacklisted me all over.
Morning, Mrs. posche.
It's not my fault he's untalented.
Seriously, how do you think
I could stoop so low?
Leave him alone now.
And you know what?
We've been separated for 2 years.
Time to divorce.
You know my lawyers. You
can't have the boys.
I don't want them to be raised by a loser.
You can't do that.
Think it over.
We're not that bad off.
The apartment, the boys...
My money lets your pitiful artists survive.
We love each other.
What are you lacking?
I helped you grow with my pitiful artists.
You taught me about art and beauty.
I made a modern woman of you.
A trophy wife.
Locked in a vault, taken out for shows.
You can't take a step without me.
Stop acting silly.
Careful, Charlotte.
If you leave here...
It's over, Alain.
You no longer scare me.
It's Suzy. My leg is bleeding bad!
I can't find mom.
Nana's out with the boys.
I didn't do it on purpose.
Calm down. Where are you?
Home. My bedroom mirror broke.
There's something white in my leg.
I'm scared.
- 10 minutes.
- Thanks, Sushi.
Yes?
I'm meeting with Jean-Claude
for the soundtrack.
I'm taking my daughter to hospital.
I'll be 2 hours late.
No, he's off to London.
- She's not out?
- Not yet.
Thanks.
It's normal.
What an asshole! A butcher!
He amputated just for that?
I want him out of here.
Lionel!
It's nothing. She's fine. A minor accident!
Artery and tendon both untouched.
You can put me down.
I can blow screws from my nose!
In the ear and out the nose.
- That's how?
- Exactly. In and out.
I get it!
Zorro! Bob the builder!
Leave him alone. Sacha has to go to work.
He has to fix Suzy's bed.
- Please...
- Let's do it.
- Who's he?
- Bob.
Bob the builder. It's you.
You just have to wedge it in.
That's how it works.
Now it'll hold. Perfect.
There's no need.
It's nothing. It'll be a minute.
Don't put too much weight on it.
Fixing is a state of mind.
Fucking goddamned...
Bad quality.
I'll remove it. It'll be easier.
It'll be better.
You okay, Sushi?
Fine.
Get a vacuum. And some posters.
Lots of posters.
You suck!
So long.
Without you, I can't play...
You scared me.
Been here long?
You wrote that?
I love it, I swear.
I'm not done. It needs a refrain.
You really like it?
Goosebumps.
I'll do it. I'm working on lyrics too.
Something like this.
You found yourself.
I swear.
It may fit in the final scene.
The levitation.
At the end.
- We'll test it in New York.
- Meaning?
At the theater. On Broadway.
Are you kidding?
I swear.
I swear. They loved the mock-ups,
the look, everything, I swear.
They want it all, I swear!
It's "I swear" now? You say "I swear".
Please, I'm seeing a speech therapist.
How did you pull this off?
The theater belongs to some Canadians.
Canadians from Canada.
There's a show that got cancelled.
We have 12 weeks just for us. 12 weeks.
In New York?
Broadway.
We see them next week.
If they like it, we cast, rehearse.
I swear, we take off.
We have to spend 6 months there.
Nothing or no one is keeping you here.
Don't you agree?
This is the chance of a lifetime!
I want to go tell her I
can't live without her.
You know, pipsily,
work is important.
Remember what choki used to say.
"Sugar serves no purpose
when you're out of salt."
Life without her
has no sugar, salt, pepper: Nothing.
I want to live with her.
Move to the south, rent a place...
With the kids I can give piano lessons.
If you leave, I'll die.
No, or else the suburbs.
The suburbs. It's not far.
I'll be here.
Don't talk nonsense.
You're an artist.
Start with a musical in America.
Find a nice Jewish girl.
No kids, in New York.
And bring her back!
Gin!
You know what she does at night?
She plays piano.
With the kids.
And they sing together.
Like in a frank capra movie.
Exactly.
Like in the movies we
used to watch with choki.
She's the one, isn't she?
Pipsily...
Yes.
She's the one.
42 bonus points.
You owe me 8 packs of...
Camels.
Choose your suburb right.
Don't make me take a train
that heads to the east.
Your own gallery?
I'm in it 50/50 with a German art dealer.
He brings the money, me the talent.
Great news.
I pay the rent. And no salary, yet.
- When do you start?
- Right away.
I'm training my successor
at the foundation.
And then I'll move, change
the kids' schools...
I have no choice, but I'm not scared.
My chacha!
I can't forget him.
I miss him.
It's him.
He wants to see me.
I'm going.
Go on, chacha!
Go for it!
Life is wonderful!
You can sleep here tonight.
Everybody in bed at 8:30.
No problem, ma'am.
Man behind you.
I love you.
I want to spend my life with you.
With your children.
I'm sorry, sacha.
I can't.
Can't what?
Everything.
Clash with Alain, possibly lose custody.
Change my lifestyle.
Don't act so surprised.
I'm not acting.
You and I met too late.
I want to live with you.
You can't take on a woman like me.
I'm back with Alain.
Go away now.
Go.
Can I sleep with you?
Come on, honey.
Men...
After you... I insist.
You first.
Isn't this amazing?
Hold on. Now it's my turn.
I'm hot.
You bet you are.
Let's go.
Can we start?
Let's rehearse.
Stop here.
For the second scene,
we need 4 more dancers.
I'd prefer that.
Sacha, that was good, but...
There are things you can't refuse.
Broadway theater, Canadian production,
the whole shebang.
You should check, anyway.
Come on, Alain would never do that.
Men are ruthless with rivals.
Hold on...
What are you not saying?
Did you want me after I left?
When I left, it was over.
Over and done with.
Alain still bought me the gym in cannes.
You let him buy you?
He smooth-talked me.
But it was over.
I've been ashamed for 10 years.
You let him buy you!
And you never let him buy you?
Are you Lily white?
Don't yell at women, jerk!
Me?
Hey you!
Who's a jerk?
Who's the jerk?
The one who can't stand up
because he has no balls!
Want to stand up? Never!
Because you're a jerk!
What happened?
He's your father.
Alain asked me to follow up on the musical.
Yes, art is my albatross.
A downpayment?
135,000? From his personal account...
Of course, from the foundation.
But New York isn't French-speaking.
Via Canada.
That's right. We'd discussed that...
Thank you. Goodbye, Mr. Saint-hilaire.
It's Christmas!
This will cost you a fortune.
Love you, grandma.
She calls every Friday night
and yells because I answer on shabbat.
See this place? Isn't
this "American-style"?
Not bad at all...
Give me your phone.
- What are you doing?
- Removing my contact.
We saw Charlotte.
Does sacha know that her
ex is financing this?
What's the difference?
Her first husband already sold out.
She can't sleep and I
promised I'd find out.
So?
He has no idea.
Piece of shit.
What's up?
All sweaty and not dancing.
I'm a total asshole.
I'm a lousy friend.
Jean-seb, take over directing.
I'm sorry. I quit.
Hold on.
Let's go have a little talk.
- What is it?
- He'll explain.
Hold on...
He paid...
So I'd leave the country?
Just a down payment.
The pouch likes to party, but he's stingy.
The pouch?
The pouch is the skin
that protects the balls.
The pouch.
He asked me to his office.
He wanted to help.
He knew a Canadian with Broadway theater.
Posche was willing to invest.
Without anyone knowing.
I'll call the pouch and I'll pay him back.
Makes no difference.
Yes it does.
I saw Charlotte behind your back.
To persuade her to let you leave.
You did that?
- I didn't know you loved her so.
- She loves me.
I had no idea.
She loves me.
You love each other.
How dumb of me.
There's a flight at 10:45.
It's always empty. You can still make it.
Don't toss in the towel.
You have 5 days. Come back smiling.
I swear...
Life is the only show
that merits a front-row seat.
Move your ass!
Hurry!
I love you.
Go on, rocky!
Run, forest!
Sir! Sir! He's in a meeting!
Beautiful...
Sorry to interrupt, gentlemen.
Alain...
I came to thank you.
I'm taking Charlotte to New York.
To show her how the show is evolving.
It's really going well. Thanks.
Can you babysit? If not,
I'll take the kids.
New York is great for kids. Keep me posted.
Gentlemen, thank you...
Xav?
What's up?
Nice-looking tie.
Sir...
Who do you think you are?
A man who won't ever let her go.
Never.
You don't know what I can do.
I do.
I got a glimpse of it.
But beware.
Edgar in the aristocats ends up
getting sent to timbuktu.
I didn't like the other one,
but with you it's hate.
I can't really love your kids
if we're at war.
Despite...
Appearances...
My sons and their mother are my life.
So...
I hope you'll measure up.
So we won't hate each other.
We will.
- Hello, Mr. posche.
- Fired.
- It's pretty far.
- Where?
Middle of nowhere.
Romainville, the suburbs.
Good luck.
Sushi!
Mom! Sushi's back!
We're done today. See you tomorrow.
No problem.
Grandma's piano!
Not enough room for two
pianos in this house.
Subtitles: Andrew litvack
subtitling by l.V.T. - Paris